# Stellaris Console Commands

## Game Start

```shell
activate_all_traditions

ftl

instant_build

intel

invincible

max_resources

survey
```

## Technology

```shell
research_all_technologies 0 0
research_all_technologies 1 99

research_technology tech_titans
```

## Situational

```shell
finish_research

finish_special_projects

finish_terraform
```

## Tweakergui

```shell
tweakergui instant_colony

tweakergui instant_move

tweakergui instant_survey

tweakergui instant_anomaly_research

tweakergui ignore_truce

tweakergui terraincognita
```

## Misc

```shell
activate_ascension_perk ap_evolutionary_mastery
activate_ascension_perk ap_the_flesh_is_weak
activate_ascension_perk ap_synthetic_evolution
activate_ascension_perk ap_world_shaper
activate_ascension_perk ap_mind_over_matter
activate_ascension_perk ap_transcendence
activate_ascension_perk ap_master_builders
activate_ascension_perk ap_imperial_prerogative
activate_ascension_perk ap_one_vision
activate_ascension_perk ap_consecrated_worlds
activate_ascension_perk ap_executive_vigor
activate_ascension_perk ap_galactic_force_projection
activate_ascension_perk ap_defender_of_the_galaxy
activate_ascension_perk ap_galactic_contender
activate_ascension_perk ap_technological_ascendancy
activate_ascension_perk ap_mastery_of_nature
activate_ascension_perk ap_voidborn
activate_ascension_perk ap_the_circle_of_life
activate_ascension_perk ap_galactic_wonders
activate_ascension_perk ap_interstellar_dominion
activate_ascension_perk ap_eternal_vigilance
activate_ascension_perk ap_grasp_the_void
activate_ascension_perk ap_synthetic_age
activate_ascension_perk ap_machine_worlds
activate_ascension_perk ap_shared_destiny
activate_ascension_perk ap_colossus
activate_ascension_perk ap_enigmatic_engineering
activate_ascension_perk ap_nihilistic_acquisition
activate_ascension_perk ap_transcendent_learning

add_relic r_unbidden_warlock
```
